Prefer `builder()` for setting Java tracer (#6788)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/opentracing/java.md

In this case, you don't need to call `scope.close()`.

> If you’re not using `dd-java-agent.jar`, you must register a configured tracer with `GlobalTracer`. For this, call `GlobalTracer.register(DDTracer.builder().build())` early on in your application startup (e.g., main method).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re not using `dd-java-agent.jar`, you must register a configured tracer with `GlobalTracer`. For this, call `GlobalTracer.register(DDTracer.builder().build())` early on in your application startup (for example, main method).
```

Reviewer: For translation to FR & Japanese, switch to `for example`
